Formula 1 Grand Prix

The Formula 1 Grand Prix consists of a series of races organized by the International Automobile Federation (FIA). The results of each race are combined to determine the Drivers' World Championship. Formula 1 organizers constantly change competition rules to provide more excitement to fans. One rule modified for the 2010 season was the distribution of points in each Grand Prix. Since 2003, points have been distributed according to the scoring system.

The change in the scoring system led to much speculation about what would have been the effect on the World Championship in the past if the new scoring had been used. To end the speculation, the FIA hired you to write a program that, given the results of each race of a season, determines the World Champion for different scoring systems.

Input
The input contains several test cases. The first line of a test case contains two integers G and P separated by a blank space, indicating the number of Grand Prix (1 ≤ G ≤ 100) and the number of pilots (1 ≤ P ≤ 100). Pilots are identified by integers from 1 to P. Each of the following G lines indicates the result of a race and contains Q integers separated by spaces. On each line, the (i)-th number indicates the order of arrival of pilot i in the race (the first number indicates the order of arrival of pilot 1 in that race, the second number indicates the order of arrival of pilot 2 in that race and so on). The next line contains a single integer S indicating the number of scoring systems (1 ≤ S ≤ 10). After that, each of the following lines S contains a description of a scoring system. The description of a scoring system begins with an integer K (1 ≤ K ≤ P), indicating the last finishing order to receive points, followed by a blank space, followed by K integers k0, k1, ... , kn−1 (1 ≤ ki ≤ 100) separated by spaces, indicating the number of points to be assigned (the first integer indicates the points for first place, the second integer indicates the points for second place and so on). The last test case is followed by a line containing only two zeros separated by a blank space.

Output
For each scoring system in the input, your program must print one line containing the identifier of the World Champion. If more than one pilot is World Champion (i.e., if there is a tie), the line must contain all World Champions, in increasing order of identifier, separated by a space.
